How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

diff only showed lines that had differences, saving me time in comparing two source code files

-----------------

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having a library of older file versions helps a lot, as it allows to find changes fast.
If a bug was introduced in new file version, you can simply revert to previous version as a fast workaround.

-----------------

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros of manual commit: you know the best when a new version should be created. Thus, all commits can be logical.
Cons: you may miss the time to commit and end up committing too much code. Needs discipline.

-----------------

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is made to work with projects that consist of several related files. Thus, it saves all files together as a commit.
Google Docs treats every file as separate project.

-----------------

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log    # shows the log of commits (all file versions) and their IDs, comments
git diff   # ID1 ID2  shows the difference between two selected commits

----------------

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Having git, which saves the important versions of my files, I can finally forget about manual versioning.
Now I can concentrate on making more versions of my program and testing each one separately.
This also makes it much easier to find differences in code and find small bugs.

---------------

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git for making a web site:
keeping track of changes I make
and be able to go back to a recent version, or compare the two

---------------
